mpd_music_dir = "~/Music"
mpd_host = "127.0.0.1"
mpd_port = "6600"
mpd_connection_timeout = "5"

startup_screen = media_library
external_editor = nvim
execute_on_song_change = ~/.config/ncmpcpp/notifier.sh

progressbar_look = "━━━"

# UI Visibility
header_visibility = "no"
statusbar_visibility = "yes"
titles_visibility = "yes"
enable_window_title = "yes"

# Colors
colors_enabled = yes
empty_tag_color = blue
header_window_color = blue
volume_color = black:b
state_line_color = 16
state_flags_color = white:b
main_window_color = white
color1 = blue
color2 = cyan
progressbar_color = 1
progressbar_elapsed_color = 16
statusbar_color = red
statusbar_time_color = 8
player_state_color = white
alternative_ui_separator_color = green:b
window_border_color = black

# vim: ft=cfg
